Prepare 0.31.0 (#6160)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#5653](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/5653) Receive: Allow setting hashing algorithm per tenant in hashrings config.
- [#6074](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6074) *: Add histogram metrics `thanos_store_server_series_requested` and `thanos_store_server_chunks_requested` to all Stores.
- [#6074](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6074) *: Allow configuring series and sample limits per `Series` request for all Stores.
- [#6104](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6104) Store: Support S3 session token.
- [#5548](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/5548) Query: Add experimental support for load balancing across multiple Store endpoints.
- [#6148](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6148) Query-frontend: Add `traceID` to slow query detected log line.
- [#6153](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6153) Query-frontend: Add `remote_user` (from http basic auth) and `remote_addr` to slow query detected log line.

### Fixed

- [#5995](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/5995) Sidecar: Loads TLS certificate during startup.

> - [#6044](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6044) Receive: mark ouf of window errors as conflict when out-of-window samples ingestion is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#6044](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6044) Receive: Mark out-of-window errors as conflict when out-of-window samples ingestion is used.
```
